hey youtube he stole to hear back with
another video and as you all know it's a
may 29th and it is the release date of
amiibos way for which is uh to me it was
the easiest way to get ever ever ever
since since there were announced or
whatnot since they're coming out I only
picked up a couple I had the chance to
pick up every every amiable they came
out today the splatoon 3-pack the
leucine I and whatever the other one's
name is pac-man all of them i have a
chance to pick to grab to take every one
of them but i didn't I only picked up
the ones i really really really wanted
to own so let's get to it first as you
can see i did go to stores target and
toys r us toys r us she's pretty cool
that's where else would I that's where I
had a chance to get all of them Evo's
but like I said I didn't want to get all
of them so from a target and picked up
the silver am evil silver Mario which is
pretty cool only had a I believe my
target has 6 in stock it was pretty cool
and then one of my once really once I
wanted of course picked up Charizard um
the one has had a little damage on on
the side it was on the bottom so i guess
all the pressure from the other figures
kind of ruined it so I i drove kind of
closer to work i did have to go to work
today by the way so i didn't sleep at
all woke up but i think i want to sleep
at two thirty woke up
just to get ready like I said I drove to
a different target and they had more
charters arts so picked up another one
and then at toys r us well actually got
a I got a box just so i would even
damage them or anything on my way to
work her during work one not cuz uh yeah
like I got a box from a toys r us in
inside the box we got fam oh you got one
too then one
to cut myself to green inches which is
pretty cool they were doing one per
customer and then with the little ticket
thing but after 11 you could come back
and get another one lucky I was lucky
enough to get another one pretty cool my
store actually got um in stock they had
102 greninja's which was really crazy i
would i didn't know i was thinking they
would probably get like maybe 20 30 50
but a 102 grand angels and my toys r us
that is crazy and they had a bunch of a
splatoon three packs they have so many
that guy the manager Billy told me he
was actually surprised that they had a
whole lot of whole lot of them left over
but uh yeah I got one of the jigglypuffs
from my first target that I went I
waited in line for about an hour and a
half I believe no maybe now we're a
mountain our 20 minutes and then uh or
my other target on my way to work I got
my second Jigglypuff that target was so
empty the guy probably told me that
maybe two maybe four people went in and
got me was there so yeah I'm only picked
up one silver just cuz just cuz probably
get rid of my other gold one but yeah
this is it guys this is all I got like I
said I was able to pick up everything
but I skipped on it I only decided to
get the the Pokemon ones of course if
you don't know I love Pokemon figures I
do have the little cardio one and I need
to get a sealed Pikachu one cuz i have
an open one so yeah let me know what you
guys think how was your hunting leave a
comment below let me know what you guys
get are you happy with what you got and
thumbs up subscribe share my videos
leave a comment stay tuned for more
videos and I'm actually going to keep
this sealed I don't know what I'm going
to do I'm not going to keep one of each
for myself I don't know what I'm going
to do with the other ones but yeah i'm
going to keep them sealed if you don't
know I like to keep my stuff sealed but
yeah let me know what you guys think
give a comment down below and subscribe
stay tuned for more videos till next
time